add group header and frozen column (#1061)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/aggregates/property-aggregate-descriptor.md

* `Var`&mdash;The `Variance` is a measure of dispersion, based on a sample function.
* `VarP`&mdash;The `Variance` is a measure of dispersion, based on the entire population function.

> The following example shows how to add a `PropertyAggregateDescriptor` to the DataGrid's Columns. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to add a `PropertyAggregateDescriptor` to the DataGrid's columns. 
```

> It will take the values from the `Name`, `Price`, `DeliveryPrice` and `Quantity` properties of the row model and the result will be the `Min` and `Max` prices as well as `Average` price for delivery and the `Count` of the listed items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grid will take the values from the `Name`, `Price`, `DeliveryPrice` and `Quantity` properties of the row model and the result will be the `Min`, `Max`, and `Average` delivery prices, as well as the `Count` of the listed items.
```

**1.** Define the DataGrid in XAML:

<snippet id='datagrid-property-aggregate-descriptor-example'/>

**2.** Add the `telerik` namespace:

```XAML
xmlns:telerik="http://schemas.telerik.com/2022/xaml/maui"
```

**3.** Define a sample data:

<snippet id='datagrid-aggregates-model'/>

**4.** Define the `ViewModel`:

<snippet id='datagrid-aggregates-viewmodel'/>

The following image shows the end result.

![Property Aggregate Descriptor](../images/datagrid-property-aggregate-windows.png)

> >important For DataGrid `PropertyAggregateDescriptor` example refer to the [SDKBrowser Demo application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and navigate to the **DataGrid > Aggregates** category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>important For the DataGrid `PropertyAggregateDescriptor` example, refer to the [SDKBrowser Demo application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and navigate to the **DataGrid > Aggregates** category.
```
